Register

Primary Actor: User

Interests:
    <> User wishes to register with the EGame application with no eligibity problems and wants confimation of registration and for the process to be clear and simple.
    <> EGame wants the system to accuratly register and record users details and to check for eligibillity to be correct for the user to be satisfied.
 
Postconditions:
    <> User is identified and authenticated by the system
    
Main Scenario with Alternatives:
1. The user selects registration for the application.
    1.1 System is unable to retrieve registration details.
    1.2 System informs user of error.
    1.3 Process is ended.
2. System retrieves the registration form and displays it to the user.
3. The system provides the user with the choice of selecting a username or exiting the process
    3.1 User selects the exit
    3.2 System ends registration process
4. The user fills in username field.
5. System retrieves username details and checks system for eligillibity.
    5.1 If username is already taken, system displays error message and gets user to choose another username.
    5.2 User must complete username field for valid registration
    5.3 If user declines and quits the system ends process.
6. User fills in the registration form. 
7. System retrieves information and validates that the user is not pre registered in the system.
    7.1 If user is already registered the system sends back an error message stating user is already registered.
8. System checks that all fields are filled in correctly
    8.1 If user has not filled in the registration form completely, the system sends an error message with the registration form incomplete.
    8.2 User must complete all fields for a qualified registration.
9. System records users details for registration and updates the list of registered users in the system
10. The system informs the member they are sucessfully registered.
11. The system sends proof of confirmation to the user they are registered with the application.
12. The system quits the registration process.

Exceptions:
    <>If at any time the system is unable to retrieve or process any details then the system will inform the user of the problem and the process will end.

Special Requirements:
    <>Confimation of registration or faliure to register must be provided to the user.
    <>Responsive design (colours/fonts and font sizes) must be taken into account for users with a disability eg. Colour blindness.
